[docs][new structure] Translate Authorization section (#14139)
deckhouse/deckhouse: docs/documentation/pages/admin/configuration/access/authorization/CHECKING_USERS_RIGHTS.md

---
title: "Checking user permissions"
permalink: en/admin/configuration/access/authorization/check.html
---

To check whether a user has the necessary permissions, run the following command, which includes:

- `resourceAttributes` (as in RBAC): Permission checking target.
- `user`: User name.
- `groups`: User groups.

{% alert level="info" %}

> If you’re using the `user-authn` module, you can view the user’s groups and name in the Dex logs
> (displayed only during authorization) using the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you’re using the `user-authn` module, you can see the user’s name and groups in the Dex logs
(only logged during authorization) by running:
```
